And we are back for part 1 of 4 of section 2 and
course number 15, which is taught by me, who is a 10.
You get the point.
As a reminder, if you have already done quite a bit of
research on your customers already and maybe already
have, say, a large batch of sales, one, why are you
taking this course? And two, feel free to skim through
this section or just skip it. For the rest of you, growth
flunkies, we're taking it way back to the basics, so
that we can understand how to sell our business
and connect with our customers.
We're going to talk about pain. *Pain.* Pain.
It's what your mom might say if you
asked her what it was like to raise you.
It's that thing that's silently knocking over all of our old people,
and it's the sole reason anyone ever buys anything.
Yes.
Anyone who has ever bought something, whether it's
a face sized iPhone 7S or a veggie burger, was in
some way reacting to a pain they have. In the first case,
it's the pain of not being able to hide in plain
daylight while making a phone call,
and the second, the pain of being beaten up by vegan
gangs down the street because you might have indulged
in a turkey burger.
Those flesh eaters.
All joking aside, any product or service you can think
of can be tied back to a pain or frustration or
inconvenience that someone has. Taxis, for instance,
are slow, expensive, obnoxious, and more likely than not
to wreck in any given 15 minute drive.
That is a pain. Who solves that wholly or partially?
Well, ride sharing apps like Uber, Lyft, and the Chinese
knockoff companies of those two, which we'll call Fuber
and Fyft. What pain does Zinga address with Farmville,
besides the pain of having an uncluttered news feed?
Well, actually, they target the pain of boredom.
Specifically, we're talking about the pain of boredom,
the loneliness of playing a game by yourself, and
the cost of buying a console to play a game
traditionally. Sprintkick, for instance, my development
agency, tackled the pain of "it's hard to build
a custom application," and templated platform
systems like SquareSpace or Wix don't give really
enough control or customization that I need.
Also, the pain of not wanting to pay US prices and the frustration
that comes from managing and communicating
with traditional outsourced firms.
Now, a lot of you might think that there are in fact
companies out there that simply don't address pain
points at all, but instead are just
"wouldn't it be cool if?" companies.
The point is, whatever you're doing,
there is something you are reacting to.
It might not be the case that you've thought much
about it, but well, that's why we're doing it now.
If you don't know the pain or frustration you solve, then
you won't know how to communicate to your potential
customers to convince them that my solution solves
your pain and is worth what I am asking in return.
So how do you figure out what pain you are addressing?
Well, for one, if you already have made a sale, you can
take a shortcut to this answer and just ask your customers.
"Why did you buy this?" Or
"Why did you sign up for this?"
You'll generally get a response that relates to
a problem or some kind of an issue they had.
If the response is instead something along the lines
of "I just thought it'd be neat to X, Y, and Z," then
really all you have to do is ask a follow up question.
"Why would doing X, Y, Z be useful?"
And that usually gets the answer you want.
If you don't have customers yet, well, there are a
series of three questions I want you to ask yourself,
preferably out loud. "Why did I start
this business in the first place?"
The most classic example of why someone starts a
business is because they want to solve something, and
it wouldn't be a solution worth making if there wasn't
a problem or pain point there to begin with.
The next question to ask yourself is, "When someone
uses this product or business, what do they benefit?"
Is it cheaper, faster, better quality?
Well, once you determine what exactly the theoretical
benefit is, you can look back for the inverse of it.
If you're service, for instance, is faster, well then
you might be solving the problem that getting this
task done traditionally takes too long,
or maybe they don't have enough time for it.
If it's cheaper, then you're probably solving the
pain point of something being too expensive.
Now, the last question I want you to ask yourself is,
"Are there substitutes for what I'm trying to do?
And if there are, how do my potential
customers feel about using them?"
Opening a restaurant? You are servicing hunger
and there are many ways to address hunger.
How do you think people feel about eating what essentially
amounts to foam core covered with tomato sauce,
also known as DiGiorno's?
In the next lecture, and also attached to this lecture as a
resource, you'll find a worksheet for you to follow along with.
I want you to take that sheet and just record separately
in a document the answers to these questions.
At the end of the sheet, you'll write out the pains
or frustrations you think your business or product
targets, and then lastly, you're going to rank them
based on what you feel are the biggest ones. All right,
we are moving on to the next lecture.
See you then.